I will roughly follow this:


Client (Front end):  

One thing on the Front-end that I worked on was the map feature.

Originally we had on our extensions list to try to use VueLeaflet to add a map to the app.

I did manage to use VueLeaflet to display an interactive map on the page but in the end, at the suggestion of my teammate Mark, I added the map via Iframe.

I had somehow never heard of it before but Iframe is a HTML feature which basically lets you embed things on your page.

I'll show you a picture to explain why I used an Iframe as opposed to VueLeaflet.

As the picture shows, the Iframe is really simple.  With the exception of styling, it was a 1 line solution compared to VueLeaflet which was over 100 lines and I spent hours stuck on.

You may have noticed in demo that if you click a country the map automatically hones in on it.  I found that hard in VueLeaflet but it was simple to do in an Iframe.  

I really like the map feature.  It's a way of giving interactivity to the page.  

A picture can tell a thousand words, so seeing a picture of a country's map can tell the us a lot.  The countries bordering it, where cities and rivers are, and a lot more.  The user can learn a lot from a map.


Server (Back end):  

Here is a picture of the back-end files.  There aren't many.  Most of our app was through Vue.

The seeds file is where I manually added almost 100 facts for our random fact feature.

I actually had fun doing this because I think the facts are really interesting and I hope that users of our app would agree.

Here is the router file where we worked together to create CRUD routes.

There is the server.js file.  We made declarations there and there is the connection to the database.


Final stuff:

To show you how much work we did, here is a side by side image.  

On the left is our initial file structure.  On the right is our final file structure.  It grew a lot over the course of the project.

On retrospect, we see that we had a lot of components.  They were all extremely similar and somewhat copied and pasted.  We could have refactored to have much less components resulting in a simpler file structure.

On that note, there are a few other things we might have tried to improve on if we had more time.  We would have spent more time on CSS.  I think it'd also have been cool if clicking on a country played it's national anthem, but that would likely have been challenging.

So I think that's all we have to say.  We are now willing to answer questions if anyone has any?
